README.md, before:

# vmrseq: Detecting variably methylated regions (VMRs) from single-cell bisulfite sequencing

The R package `vmrseq` is a novel computational tool developed for pinpointing variably methylated regions (VMRs) in scBS-seq data without prior knowledge on size or location. High-throughput single-cell measurements of DNA methylation allows studying inter-cellular epigenetic heterogeneity, but this task faces the challenges of sparsity and noise. vmrseq overcomes these challenges and identifies variably methylated regions accurately and robustly. 

![](man/figures/method.png)


## Installation

You can install the development version of `vmrseq` from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("nshen7/vmrseq")
```

## Online Vignette

An online vignette of how to use the vmrseq package can be found at 
[https://rpubs.com/nshen7/vmrseq-vignette](https://rpubs.com/nshen7/vmrseq-vignette)


## Citation

Ning Shen and Keegan Korthauer. 2023. “Vmrseq: Probabilistic Modeling of Single-Cell Methylation Heterogeneity.” bioRxiv. [https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.11.20.567911](https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.11.20.567911).

## License/Copyright

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 
This package is made available under an MIT license.

Commit message:

add workflow repo into README

README.md, after:

# vmrseq: Detecting variably methylated regions (VMRs) from single-cell bisulfite sequencing

The R package `vmrseq` is a novel computational tool developed for pinpointing variably methylated regions (VMRs) in scBS-seq data without prior knowledge on size or location. High-throughput single-cell measurements of DNA methylation allows studying inter-cellular epigenetic heterogeneity, but this task faces the challenges of sparsity and noise. vmrseq overcomes these challenges and identifies variably methylated regions accurately and robustly. 

![](man/figures/method.png)


## Installation

You can install the development version of `vmrseq` from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("nshen7/vmrseq")
```

## Online Vignette

An online vignette of 'Get Started' on the `vmrseq` package can be found at 
[https://rpubs.com/nshen7/vmrseq-vignette](https://rpubs.com/nshen7/vmrseq-vignette).

An example workflow on scBS-seq data analysis using `vmrseq` can be found at
[https://github.com/nshen7/vmrseq-workflow-vignette](https://github.com/nshen7/vmrseq-workflow-vignette).


## Citation

Ning Shen and Keegan Korthauer. 2023. “Vmrseq: Probabilistic Modeling of Single-Cell Methylation Heterogeneity.” bioRxiv. [https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.11.20.567911](https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.11.20.567911).

## License/Copyright

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 
This package is made available under an MIT license.
